{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14320\viewh12380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Purpose:\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 The purpose of our research project  is to examine the extent to which different computer-based off-loading strategies effect human reasoning performance.
\f0  Recent work in cognitive science has shifted the notion of cognition as 'all-in-the-head' to one where cognitive agents can rely on their environment to aid in their cognitive tasks. We would like to explore possible correlations between visual reasoning aids and ability to efficiently solve challenging grid-based puzzles. This will give insight into how tools for cognitive off-loading can be better or worse for users with the goal of improving visual reasoning. 
\f1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
Method:\
Our method of research will involve the design and implementation of a software application that will encourage efficient cognitive off-loading via visual aids. The application, called LEGUP (Logic Engine for Grid-Using Puzzles), will act as said set of visual aids for a collection of grid-based puzzles. The goal of LEGUP is to be a tool for cognitive off-loading which is abstract enough to apply to many types of visual reasoning, or different types of grid-based puzzles. It will do so without losing clarity or relevance, as the most abstract reasoning tools, such as formal logic, would, and also without taking over too much of the reasoning process from the user.\
\
We will test the effects of different cognitive off-loading aids. Subjects will be assessed of their general puzzle-solving ability against a kind of puzzle they are unfamiliar with. Subjects will then be asked to solve series of similar puzzles using different kinds of cognitive aids. Their performance will then be measured again to determine which kind of puzzle-solving aid was most effective at enhancing their reasoning ability.\
\
\
Expected outcome:\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 We believe that computer interfaces are a particularly interesting case of agents relying on their environment to aid in cognitive tasks: Intelligent computer-based tools can be used for cognitive agents to dramatically extend their cognitive abilities. At the same time there is a danger that such tools completely take over the cognitive process, resulting in the user learning nothing at all.
\f0  We expect that the outcome of this research will reveal a correlation between differing degrees of aid in cognitive off-loading and effects on cognitive performance. The results of this project will help to make educated predictions about what types of cognitive off-loading tools will be more effective. We also expect to reinforce the notion that cognitive off-loading helps cognitive performance. Additionally, efforts that follow up on this research will explore how effective cognitive off-loading tools can be exemplified as a means to foster better reasoning overall. Eventually, one would be able to construct better tools to assist reasoning. Ultimately, this project endeavors to improve our understanding of human reasoning.
\f2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
}